README.md, before:

# AquaWatch Mobile App and Backend
<div align="center">
<img src="./aquawatch_mobile_app/assets/Blue-CoLab-logo-brighter-1000.png" height="250px">
<h2>Bringing water quality to your finger tips!</h2>
This repository contains both the backend and frontend powering the application. 
<hr>
</div>

### About the Project
Knowing what's in your water - is a human right. The AquaWatch Mobile App bring water data right to your finger tips. While the current scope of the app is limited to pond and river data, we hope to set an example for what's possible. 

One day you'll know what's in the water that's coming out of your tap.

#### Features
- Informative data visualization of water quality metrics.
- Monthly water quality reports with graphical representations.
- Information about local wildlife and its dependence on water quality.
- Access to Blue CoLab blogs.

<hr>

### General Prerequisites
- [git 🔗](https://git-scm.com/) - version control. See. For installing git, please see the [git website 🔗](https://git-scm.com/).
- Go to where you would like to have this repository.
- Run `git clone https://github.com/bluecolab/BlueColab_MobileDataViz.git` in a terminal.

<hr>

### Getting Started
- To get started on the frontend, see [here](./aquawatch_mobile_app/README.md)
- To get started on the backend, see [here](./backend_py/README.md)
- For details on the app internals, please see the Important Notes and Documentation For AquaWatch Mobile-1.pdf. 
<hr>

### Development Team
The members of the team include:
 - Lizi Imedashvilli ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/lizi-imedashvili-2b3a6b249](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lizi-imedashvili-2b3a6b249/))
 - Ardin Kraja ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/ardin-kraja-19ab61230](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ardin-kraja-19ab61230/))
 - Victor Lima ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/victor--lima](https://www.linkedin.com/in/victor--lima/))
 - Meryl Mizell ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/meryl-mizell](https://www.linkedin.com/in/meryl-mizell/))
 - Lulu Moquette ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/louisamoquete](https://www.linkedin.com/in/louisamoquete/))
 - Kenji Okura ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/kenji-okura](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kenji-okura/))
 - Erin Sorbella ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/erin-sorbella-40936b241](https://www.linkedin.com/in/erin-sorbella-40936b241/))
 - Nicholas Davila ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/nicholas--davila](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicholas--davila/))

Commit message:

Fix deployment issues, README refreshes (#56)
* Dev?

* Demo Change

* Update dev_backend_delploy.yml

* Update app.py

* Delete backend_py/rsconnect-python directory

* Update app.py

Revert to original

* Update backend_delploy.yml

* Update backend_delploy.yml

* Update dev_backend_delploy.yml

* Update app.py

* Update backend_delploy.yml

* Update backend_delploy.yml

* Update backend_delploy.yml

* Update backend_delploy.yml

* Update backend_delploy.yml

* Update backend_delploy.yml

* Update backend_delploy.yml

* Update backend_delploy.yml

* Update dev_backend_delploy.yml

* backend-dev

* Update dev_backend_delploy.yml

* Update app.py

* 1385042013850420138504201385042013850420

* Update app.py

* Deploy instructions and simplifications

* undo package updates

* warning

* special checks to prevent false triggers

* spelling...

* Update dev_backend_deploy.yml

* remove branch condition

* deploying instructions elsewhere..

* reorganize, clarify

* pdf update..

* wiki links

README.md, after:

# AquaWatch Mobile App and Backend
<div align="center">
<img src="./aquawatch_mobile_app/assets/Blue-CoLab-logo-brighter-1000.png" height="250px">
<h2>Bringing water quality to your finger tips!</h2>
This repository contains both the backend and frontend powering the application. 
<hr>
</div>

### About the Project
Knowing what's in your water - is a human right. The AquaWatch Mobile App bring water data right to your finger tips. While the current scope of the app is limited to pond and river data, we hope to set an example for what's possible. 

One day you'll know what's in the water that's coming out of your tap.

#### Features
- Informative data visualization of water quality metrics.
- Monthly water quality reports with graphical representations.
- Information about local wildlife and its dependence on water quality.
- Access to Blue CoLab blogs.

<hr>

### Getting Started
1. Clone the repository `git clone https://github.com/bluecolab/BlueColab_MobileDataViz.git`. 
    1. We use [git 🔗](https://git-scm.com/) for version control. For installing git, please see the [git website 🔗](https://git-scm.com/).
2. To get started on the frontend, see [here](./aquawatch_mobile_app/README.md)
3. To get started on the backend, see [here](./backend_py/README.md)
4. For details on the app internals, please see our [Wiki](https://github.com/bluecolab/BlueColab_MobileDataViz/wiki/).
<hr>

### Wiki (technical breakdown)
For a technical info see our [wiki](https://github.com/bluecolab/BlueColab_MobileDataViz/wiki/).

<hr>

### Development Team
The members of the team include:
 - Lizi Imedashvilli ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/lizi-imedashvili-2b3a6b249](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lizi-imedashvili-2b3a6b249/))
 - Ardin Kraja ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/ardin-kraja-19ab61230](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ardin-kraja-19ab61230/))
 - Victor Lima ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/victor--lima](https://www.linkedin.com/in/victor--lima/))
 - Meryl Mizell ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/meryl-mizell](https://www.linkedin.com/in/meryl-mizell/))
 - Lulu Moquette ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/louisamoquete](https://www.linkedin.com/in/louisamoquete/))
 - Kenji Okura ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/kenji-okura](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kenji-okura/))
 - Erin Sorbella ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/erin-sorbella-40936b241](https://www.linkedin.com/in/erin-sorbella-40936b241/))
 - Nicholas Davila ([![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png)ln/nicholas--davila](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicholas--davila/))
